“Confidential and or proprietary Information” shall mean and include any information disclosed by one Party (Disclosing Party) to the other (Receiving Party) either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, by inspection of tangible objects (including, without limitation, documents, prototypes, samples, media, documentation, discs and code). Confidential information shall include, without limitation, any materials, trade secrets, network information, configurations, trademarks, brand name, know-how, business and marketing plans, financial and operational information, and all other non-public information, material or data relating to the current and/ or future business and operations of the Disclosing Party and analysis, compilations, studies, summaries, extracts or other documentation prepared by the Disclosing Party. Confidential Information may also include information disclosed to the Receiving Party by third parties on behalf of the Disclosing Party. 

2.	The Receiving Party shall refrain from disclosing, reproducing, summarising and/or distributing Confidential Information and confidential materials of the Disclosing Party except in connection with the Proposed Transaction.

3.	The Parties shall protect the confidentiality of each other’s Confidential Information in the same manner as they protect the confidentiality of their own proprietary and confidential information of similar nature. Each Party, while acknowledging the confidential and proprietary nature of the Confidential Information agrees to take all reasonable measures at its own expense to restrain its representatives from prohibited or unauthorised disclosure or use of the Confidential Information.

4.	Confidential Information shall at all times remain the property of the Disclosing Party and may not be copied or reproduced by the Receiving Party without the Disclosing Party’s prior written consent.   

5.	Within seven (7) days of a written request by the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall return/destroy (as may be requested in writing by the Disclosing Party or upon expiry and or earlier termination) all originals, copies, reproductions and summaries of Confidential Information provided to the Receiving Party as Confidential Information.  The Receiving Party shall certify to the Disclosing Party in writing that it has satisfied its obligations under this paragraph.  

6.	The Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information only to the Receiving Party's employees and consultants on a need-to-know basis.  The Receiving Party shall have executed or shall execute appropriate written agreements with third parties, in a form and manner sufficient to enable the Receiving Party to enforce all the provisions of this Agreement.

7.	Confidential Information, however, shall not include any information which the Receiving Party can show: 

i)	is in or comes into the public domain otherwise than through a breach of this Agreement or the fault of the Receiving Party; or

ii)	was already in its possession free of any such restriction prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party; or

iii)	was independently developed by the Receiving Party without making use of the Confidential Information; or

iv)	has been approved for release or use (in either case without restriction) by written authorisation of the Disclosing Party.

8.	In the event either Party receives a summons or other validly issued administrative or judicial process requiring the disclosure of Confidential Information of the other Party, the Receiving Party shall promptly notify the Disclosing Party.  The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent such disclosure is required by law, rule, regulation or legal process; provided however, that, to the extent practicable, the Receiving Party shall give prompt written notice of any such request for such information to the Disclosing Party,  and agrees to co-operate with the Disclosing Party, at the Disclosing Party’s expense, to the extent permissible and practicable, to challenge the request or limit the scope there of, as the Disclosing Party may reasonably deem appropriate.

9.	Neither Party shall use the other’s name, trademarks, proprietary words or symbols or disclose under this Agreement in any publication, press release, marketing material, or otherwise without the prior written approval of the other.

10.	Each Party agrees that the conditions in this Agreement and the Confidential Information disclosed pursuant to this Agreement are of a special, unique, and extraordinary character and that an impending or existing violation of any provision of this Agreement would cause the other Party irreparable injury for which it would have no adequate remedy at law and further agrees that the other Party shall be entitled to obtain immediately injunctive relief prohibiting such violation, in addition to any other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity.
